Zhang Ye, what do you want to do?
I want to save my daughter
Wei Fei, come on, don't be angry
What age is this?
I still want to ask your brothers to fight and kill
What do I do?
It's not your turn to point fingers
Young master, such an urgent situation
Do you still want to brush your presence?
Do you really want you to burn the wall?
What do you think?
Am I expressing myself?
Isn't it?
Li Shao has solved it now
You have to call a bunch of gangsters
Are you just going to make things lighter?
I want to save you.
It's really safe.
I am the president of the Lee Group
Even if his bones will grow
You have to give me face too
Zhangye
Can you please stop messing around?
I messed up, didn't I?
Li Shao has already solved the matter
You want to call a bunch of gangsters
What do you want?
Are you just trying to make things bigger?
I have also heard of Jiang Zhen
Cruel complaint
It's not that I look down on him
He seems to think too highly of his own face
You root
I don't know what kind of abilities our Li family has
A family business I've never heard of
What face can you have?
Zhangye, you can't help, forget it
You still want to slander Li Shao's heart
Is your face that important?
Do you think I'm doing it for face?
Ok babe
Let's not leave
He had no idea what I was capable of
How can you talk to such a shallow person?
No need to be angry
Come on, let's take Zhenzhen home
So true
Hold on, daddy is coming